# JavaScript Interview

Thank you for your time. We would like to do a coding exercise with you to see how you might fit in with our team.

Please see your interviewer for all questions not answered in this document.

## Overview

We will be using [WebDriverIO](https://webdriver.io/), which is a browser test automation framework for Node.js. While we do use the WebDriverIO framework, the challenge you are doing here is strictly for the purpose of this interview. 

You will be using an eCommerce demo site called [Swag Labs](https://www.saucedemo.com/) to automate some tests found in [user-stories](/user-stories.md).

Hopefully this README will give you much of the information you need. If there are any other questions, please ask the interviewer.

## Notable with the target test site

The demo application will log you out after 10 minutes. This is part of the design of the site and should be taken into account. 

## Existing Files

We've taken the example test auto-generated by WebDriverIO and adapted it to login to the demo site. Feel free to use, update or even delete this test as you desire. 

| File | Description |
| ------ | ------ |
| sepcs/example.e2e.js | Confirms user can log into demo site with valid credentials |
| pageobjects/page.js | Base page object used for sharing across all pages |
| pageobjects/login.page.js | Page object for the login page |
| pageobjects/inventory.page.js | Page object for the inventory page | 
| ./wdio.config.js | Base configuration file set to use Chrome as default browser |

## Running tests

1. Setup a new project in your preferred IDE with these project files
2. Run `npm install` to install the latest version (requires you have [node.js installed](https://nodejs.org/en/download/))
3. Run `npx wdio run ./wdio.conf.js` and confirm the initial tests runs


## Grading Criteria

We'll discuss your final solution virtually but some of the things we will consider when grading your work is:

- Did you address the User Requirements?
- Are your tests DRY?
- Are you using good Test Design practices such as:
    - Are your tests focused on the right thing?
    - Are you using the right interface?
    - Are your assertions failing for the right reasons? 

## Your Assignment

1. Read through the [user-stories](/user-stories.md) file, make sense of what is being asked and then write your tests.
2. Confirm your tests run. We will definitely run your submitted code. 
3. Submit work you can be proud to show off and discuss.
4. Submit a Pull Request to your private repo with your final solution. 
